Add TeamsVirtualAppointmentsPolicy cmdlet docs (#11222)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/New-CsTeamsVirtualAppointmentsPolicy.md

schema: 2.0.0
ms.author: erocha
author: emmanuelrocha001
manager: sonaggarwal
---

# New-CsTeamsVirtualAppointmentsPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
This cmdlet is used to create a new instance of the TeamsVirtualAppointmentsPolicy.

## SYNTAX

```
New-CsTeamsVirtualAppointmentsPolicy [-EnableSmsNotifications <Boolean>] [-Identity] <String> [-Force]
 [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates a new instance of the TeamsVirtualAppointmentsPolicy. This policy can be used to tailor the virtual appointment template meeting experience. The parameter `EnableSmsNotifications` allows you to specify whether your users can choose to send SMS text notifications to external guests in meetings that they schedule using the virtual appointment meeting template.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> New-CsTeamsVirtualAppointmentsPolicy -Identity sms-enabled
```
```output
Identity                 EnableSmsNotifications                                                                          
--------                 ----------------------                                                                          
Tag:sms-enabled                            True
```

> Creates a new policy instance with the identity enable-sms. `EnableSmsNotifications` will default to true, as it was not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new policy instance with the identity enable-sms. `EnableSmsNotifications` will default to true if it is not specified.
```

### Example 2
```powershell
PS C:\> New-CsTeamsVirtualAppointmentsPolicy -Identity disable-sms -EnableSmsNotifications $false
```
```output
Identity                 EnableSmsNotifications                                                                          
--------                 ----------------------                                                                          
Tag:sms-enabled                            False
```

> Creates a new policy instance with the identity sms-disabled. `EnableSmsNotifications` is set to the value specified in the command above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new policy instance with the identity sms-disabled. `EnableSmsNotifications` is set to the value specified in the command.
```

This property specifies whether your users can choose to send SMS text notifications to external guests in meetings that they schedule using a virtual appointment template meeting.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams
Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: True
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
Suppresses the display of any non-fatal error message that might arise when running the command.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Identity
Name of the new policy instance to be created.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
